# ADR 001: Cloud or On-Prem
We need to decide where the new back-end system(s) should be deployed. ABC Airlines already has systems such as its ticketing system and flight management systems deployed on-prem, but additional capacity would need to be added in order to support the new systems. This is an important decision as it impacts budget considerations as well as programming languages and frameworks that need to be decided on later. It also impacts time to market.

## Decision 
We will be using a cloud native approach for the new system(s) that need to be built. Any new applications will be built and deployed using AWS services.

## Rationale 
The most important reason to build and deploy the new applications in the cloud is that we simply do not yet know how much capacity will be needed. While we expect high conversion rates from calling customer support, we expect it may take some time for customer to fully embrace and familiarize themselves with the new features on web and mobile. With a cloud first application, we can easily scale up and down capacity as needed, ultimately saving cost. Additionally, it also allows for faster time to market as ABC Airlines does not already have capacity available in their on-prem servers to support the new system(s). 

## Status
[Accepted]

## Consequences
* Faster time to market.
* Cost savings from being able to dynamically scale capacity.
* Up-front cost savings versus deploying new capacity in on-prem data center.
* Some security questions/concerns remain open relating to customer data and accessibility to on-prem systems.