# ADR 005: Mobile Application Platform
As part of the introduction of new features, it has already been decided that the mobile app needs substantial updates to provide a better customer experience and to support the new features. We need to consider how to best handle these updates.

Currently, the mobile apps for every platform are limited to a semi-native experience where you can search for flights and view flight options directly in the app. To complete a flight booking or look up existing bookings, the customer is redirected to the ABC Airlines website through an in-app browser. The user experience needs to be more consistent without such redirects.

We have considered the following options:
* Separate native apps for iOS and Android
* Using Capacitor to build a cross-platform native web app for iOS and Android
* Using Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) to share common code and implement UI natively for iOS and Android

*Other cross-platform options were considered, but deemed not viable for various reasons*

## Decision 
We will use Kotlin Multiplatform to share a single code base for all the application logic and build separate native UIs for both iOS and Android.

## Rationale 
Being able to share most of the core application logic will cut down drastically on both cost and development time. Since we already need to essentially start from scratch, this is an important consideration. It is also very important that the app is performant and provides a good user experience, best achieved through a platform native UI. Kotlin Multiplatform is a logical choice as it keeps the Android mobile development entirely in Kotlin, with only the iOS UI needing to be implemented in a different programming language, Swift. Again, this will save cost and time.

We decided not to use Capacitor since we believe a platform-native experience is better and more user-friendly. This weighed more heavily than the desire to have a single codebase.

Separate native apps was also rejected simply due to time and budget constraints.

## Status
[Proposed]

## Consequences
* Native UI which provides for a fast and familiar UI/UX
* Mostly shared codebase
* Faster to market
* Some additional overhead maintaining separate UIs. UI updates will have to be implemented twice.
* Not as performant as a completely native app.
