# ADR 003: Upgrade Certificate Management
Upgrade Certificates are considered a type of ticket, with a unique ticket number and already supported by the ticketing system. Going forward, we need to allow customers to manage when and how they want to use them. However, unlike customer support agents, we cannot allow customers to directly interface with the ticketing system as that is a critical system. 

The new system should keep track of an individual customer's upgrade certificates and also their state (open, closed, pending). We need to determine how we will store this information. This is an important decision because it impacts other design descisions and also downstream systems. 

Options considered:
* SQL database
* In-memory NoSQL database like Redis
* NoSQL database (disk based) like MongoDB

## Decision 
We will use an in-memory NoSQL database (Redis) to store each customer's upgrade certificate and the associated state. 

## Rationale 
Using an in-memory solution allows for the lowest latency and fastest way to look up the data. Speed weighed heavily when making this decision case as we want to provide for the lowest possible latency when sending a response back to the user. We also only need to store fairly simple key/value pairs which a Redis solution is perfect for.

A relational database (SQL) does not seem appropriate for the limited amount of data we need. It will add complexity and be slower. Additionally, since this system will not be the source of truth, we are not as concerned about persistence and/or potential data loss. 

While a disk-based NoSQL solution could be a reasonable alternative, the speed of the in-memory solution weighed heavier.

## Status
[Proposed]

## Consequences
* Fast lookup of upgrade certificates
* Simple integration
* "Off-the-shelf" products like Elasticache redis allows for fast integration and autoscaling
* Higher cost as memory storage is more expensive than disk storage