# ADR 004: Seat Upgrade Requests
In order to build out the new seat upgrade engine, we need to decide how it will receive upgrade requests in order to build the upgrade lists. There are multiple different sources of upgrade requests, including (but not limited to) directly from customers, from when a booking is created or from the reservation system when a customer service agent requests one on behalf of the customer.

This is an important decision because it will impact other systems both upstream and downstream from the upgrade engine (existing and new). In order to proceed with design and development of those systems we must decide how they will communicate upgrade requests.

We considered the following options:
* Internal REST API
* Message Queue (SQS)
* Publish/Subscribe service (SNS)

## Decision 
We will use a SQS message queue to send upgrade list requests.

## Rationale 
SQS allows us to process messages asynchronously and decouple the various systems. For upgrade lists, it's not as important that the list gets updated instantenously, but only that it eventually gets updated (within reason of course). Since we can store messages in SQS temporarily and ensure that they only get processed once, it is the best fit.

We decided against using an internal REST API because that puts a higher burden on upstream systems by shifting the responsibility onto them for ensuring that the request gets processed and potentially having to incorporate re-try logic and failure handling. 

We decided against a publish/subscribe service as there is no guarantee anyone is listening, and there is a potential for lost messages. While not a critical failure, we prefer the ability to temporarily store messages and re-try message processing in the event of a failure.

## Status
[Proposed]

## Consequences
* Higher cost versus REST API
* Upgrade requests will not be reflected instantaneously on the upgrade list
* Simpler integration in upstream services
* Less prone to request loss
* We can easily scale up message consumers if needed as they will all poll the same queue and there is no potential for duplicate processing.